Encapsulation is defined as the wrapping up of data under a single unit. It is the mechanism that binds together code and the data it
manipulates. Another way to think about encapsulation is, that it is a protective shield that prevents the data from being accessed by
the code outside this shield.

  . Technically in encapsulation, the variables or data of a class is hidden from any other class and can be accessed only through any
    member function of its own class in which it is declared.
  . As in encapsulation, the data in a class is hidden from other classes using the data hiding concept which is achieved by making the
    members or methods of a class private, and the class is exposed to the end-user or the world without providing any details behind
    implementation using the abstraction concept, so it is also known as a combination of data-hiding and abstraction.
  . Encapsulation can be achieved by Declaring all the variables in the class as private and writing public methods in the class to set and
    get the values of variables.
  . It is more defined with the setter and getter method.

  Advantages of Encapsulation:

    . Data Hiding: it is a way of restricting the access of our data members by hiding the implementation details. Encapsulation also
      provides a way for data hiding. The user will have no idea about the inner implementation of the class. It will not be visible to the
      user how the class is storing values in the variables. The user will only know that we are passing the values to a setter method and
      variables are getting initialized with that value.
    . Increased Flexibility: We can make the variables of the class read-only or write-only depending on our requirement. If we wish to make
      the variables read-only then we have to omit the setter methods like setName(), setAge(), etc. from the above program or if we wish to
      make the variables write-only then we have to omit the get methods like getName(), getAge(), etc. from the above program
    . Reusability: Encapsulation also improves the re-usability and is easy to change with new requirements.
    . Testing code is easy: Encapsulated code is easy to test for unit testing.

  Advantages of Encapsulation in Java:

     1. Improves security of an object’s internal state by hiding it from the outside world.
     2. Increases modularity and maintainability by making it easier to change the implementation without affecting other parts of the code.
     3. Enables data abstraction, allowing objects to be treated as a single unit.
     4. Allows for easy addition of new methods and fields without affecting the existing code.
     5. Supports the object-oriented principle of information hiding, making it easier to change the implementation without affecting the
        rest of the code.

  Disadvantages of Encapsulation in Java:

     1. Can lead to increased complexity, especially if not used properly.
     2. Can make it more difficult to understand how the system works.
     3. May limit the flexibility of the implementation.
