Java for-loop is a control flow statement that iterates a part of the program multiple times. For-loop is the most commonly used loop in java.
 If we know the number of iteration in advance then for-loop is the best choice.

Syntax:

for( initializationsection ; conditional check ;  increment/decrement section)
   {
    // Code to be executed
   }

   Curly braces in for loop is optional without curly braces in for-loop we can take only one statement under for-loop which should not
   be a declarative statement and if we write declarative statement there then we will get compile-time error.

 Output explanation:

   . In the Initialization section, This part will be executed only once in the loop life cycle. Here we can declare and initialize a local variable for loop.
     Here we can declare any number of variables but should have the same type by mistake if we are trying to declare a different data type then we will get a compile–time error.
     In this section, we can take any valid java statement including ‘System.out.println()’.
   . During the condition check, we can take any valid java expression that should be of type boolean. This part is optional
      and if we are not taking anything then the compiler will always place a true value here.
   . In the Increment/Decrement section, we can either increment or decrement we can the initialized value. In this section we can take any valid java statement
     including ‘System.out.println()’ and this section is also optional.


 Enhanced for loop(for-each loop)

   This for-loop was introduced in java version 1.5 and it is also a control flow statement that iterates a part of the program multiple times.
   This for-loop provides another way for traversing the array or collections and hence it is mainly used for traversing array or collections.
   This loop also makes the code more readable and reduces the chance of bugs in the code.

  Syntax:

   for(data-type variable : array | collection)
    {
     // Code to be executed
    }

 After visualizing both the programs we landed upon some conclusive differences which are depicted in tabular format to get a clear understanding hand in hand.


